now mis amigas amigas boy your boy out
there on breakfast tortilla con bacon
and eggs
CC me on it's gonna be quick simply e
muy fácil para thei e-e-e e-e-e-e it's
gotta be quick easy to make and you guys
are gonna just love it cuz I instead of
me standing around here I've learned all
about it by myself at all this breaks
kitchen
right so for this what you're gonna need
is God yeah Ethan you're single das
cancel
Tomas out there ah ha web ah yeah I'm on
day back on si Senor
okay so the first thing I need to do is
cut these up into little slivers like a
bus
yeah transfer loss okay onto on a
saucepan come on that's funny I'm
it son yeah yeah okay Bambi in me we're
just gonna toss theories I start on this
side please Dan yo tengo tiempo
them
well it's done circa list though huh yo
boy huh porn al bacon held in trust
it's the pan ice water
well it's the bygone ice ice
cooked bang bust this up necesito
company is dust from much mass rapid
iron us well our posture is Bose is fan
popping endo
yo necesito transfer is foes Papa miss
tortilla all right without okay it's
tough it's the wall they are really hot
I'll just put some cheese on the top so
that melts
now this kind of learning that over a
bit whether ten is found he cracked my
eggs I'll then try okay
so despite it looks pretty cool to solve
this transfer the East Bobo now I'll
just get these eggs and just give them a
quick flip if I can get my spatula under
bachelors and I'll just cook that for a
few seconds
hey why yes that least oh yeah
improv this boy I transferred hello
okay PL ultra okay
Amira que bueno it's done or your yeah I
can take Kissimmee Seema Seema
okie dikes so now all I need to do is
move it over that way you can break that
yolk no problems and we're just gonna
roll them up like that oh hello heed us
oi oi oi soy el rey they got FINA ah let
me just cut this in half just to show
you how good it looks
on the inside
hello and thanks Vicki almond barley
press aqui estan los tortillas de bacon
and eggs I just whipped up so enough me
looking at them it's time for the taste
test guys are gonna tell you they taste
absolutely fantastic and I've got still
one and a half sitting there and then
I'm just gonna give a demolish so anyway
guys thanks for watching remember to
thumb this video up for me well seen
hablas espanol butter for please thumb
it down thanks for watching and I'll see
you next time right here yeah
I'm gonna handle it